---
toc: true
layout: post
description: Simple Online And Realtime Tracker paper walkthrough.

---

# SIMPLE ONLINE AND REALTIME TRACKING

### Brief Intro...
I assume that you have read the paper and this will be a walk through of the implementation. Basically the paper assumes a constant velocity model. The detection ouputs are fed to the tracker and the tracker will track multiple object between frames. You can fine tune some of the parameters of the tracker to match your specific needs.

### Code Walkthrough

The Sort() class is the main class we use for updating the tracker. The init method of sort class is


```python
class Sort(object):
  def __init__(self,max_age=1,min_hits=3):
    """
    Sets key parameters for SORT
    """
    self.max_age = max_age
    self.min_hits = min_hits
    self.trackers = []
    self.frame_count = 0
```
The init method takes two arguments max_age and min_hits, max_age will be used to remove the trackers from the list of trackers. The tracker will have a  time_since_update variable which will get incremented by one each time an update is happening. So if we set max_age to 1 then it means that if were tracking an object in frames say 2,3,4 and in frames 5 and 6 the detection output(that is the tracker input) was empty then that tracker will be removed from the trackers list and even if the same object reapper (say our detector was not able to detect the object in frames 5 and 6 even though the object was there and in the 7th frame it detects) then a new tracker will be assigned to it. 

```python
#remove dead tracklet
        if(trk.time_since_update > self.max_age):
          self.trackers.pop(i)
```

The main method in sort is the `update(self,dets)` which takes in the detector output as input. The detector output is expected to be a 
numpy array of the form `[[x1,y1,x2,y2,score],[x1,y1,x2,y2,score],...]`.Also make sure you call this method even when there are empty
detections with the np.empty(0,5).


